hello and welcome to the Mediterranean
chef Ida Mona and today I'm gonna show
you how to make the authentic hummus
bikini now what we're gonna need for
this recipe is one can of garbanzo beans
already drained and washed and I said a
little bit of the juice a little bit of
the water from the can the juice of two
lemons
1/4 cup of tahini paste and some olive
oil also two cloves of garlic some salt
and for garnish we're gonna need some
chopped parsley some paprika and the
chickpeas now I'm gonna turn my food
processor on and add the garlic
little bit of the juice lemon juice and
the titanium based goes in here
simple easy just four ingredients go
into this and the salt by the way for
the ingredients that goes into this
recipe you can go online and check the
website www.mabakerandchef.com
and stopped a little bit to mix all the
ingredients together and we still gonna
mix it a little bit until all the
ingredients are
okay it's done we're gonna play it now I
want you to look at this creamy texture
this is what you're gonna look for guys
but make sure to taste it always you can
always add you know to your liking a
little bit of salt or a little bit of
lemon juice this is how we serve it this
is part of the Mediterranean Mesa that
goes on the table before the big meal
okay
I'll show you the way to do it you turn
the plate and it was swirling how much
is the patina is a great appetizer that
you can eat it by itself and it goes
well with any grilled fish or meat just
a little bit over the olive oil extra
virgin olive oil is best Steve and then
gonna sprinkle a little bit of paprika
the red color goes well with the yellow
color of the horse this is the authentic
lebanese recipe for Hamas I hope you
enjoy it and please make it for your
family and friends for this recipe and
many more of the dishes check out our
ebook on our website
the Mediterranean chapter
enjoy